#  Copyright (C) 2012  Stanislav Sinyagin
#
#  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
#  the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
#  (at your option) any later version.
#
#  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
#  GNU General Public License for more details.
#
#  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
#  Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

# Stanislav Sinyagin <ssinyagin@yahoo.com>
#
#

=head1 Torrus plugin for OneAccess CPE devices


=head2 Introduction

This plugin provides support for OneAccess CPE devices. The OneAccess QoS MIB resembles the class-based QoS MIB for Cisco devices, and this plugin contains an dapted copy of "tp-cbqos" plugin.


=head2 Installation

Follow the Torrus installation guide for the main software installation.

Unpack the plugin distribution package in some directory:

  gzip -dc tp-oneaccess-2.X.Y.tar.gz | tar xvf -

Then run the Torrus plugin installation utility:

  torrus install_plugin tp-oneaccess-2.X.Y

Collector processes need a restart after installing the plugin.


Development of this plugin was sponsored by M-net Telekommunikations GmbH.

=head1 Author

Copyright (c) 2012 Stanislav Sinyagin E<lt>ssinyagin@yahoo.comE<gt>
